I know you're feeling stuck. You are
feeling unproductive. Your to-do list is
getting longer and longer. Yet, you're
staring on your screen. You're scrolling
through social media. You feel fogged in
your brain and you're wondering, "How
can you get out of this? Why are you
being so lazy? Why are you being so
unproductive?" you're judging yourself
and you're wondering why there are these
days where you're super productive and
then there are other days you can't even
force yourself to do something. Hi guys,
welcome back to my channel. My name is
Michaela and today I want to talk about
how you can reset when you feel
unproductive. Let's get into this. First
of all, I want to make clear that I said
on purpose when you feel unproductive
because that's a feeling. I want you to
stop punishing yourself when you're
being unproductive when you are not
getting as many things done as you would
usually as you would do on other days
because we are human beings. We are
beautiful women. We are not robots and
we are also not supposed to be
productive
24/7 even though it is being portrayed
that we should be productive always at
any time and when we are sleeping too
long when we are resting too long we are
lazy we are kind of not making it we are
being unproductive now it's important to
understand what means actually being
productive and being unproductive
because so many people do believe that
productivity is in doing. Like when you
are doing, you are being productive,
right? When you are getting your things
done, when you are taking things from
your to-do list, when you're being busy,
then you're being productive. And when
you are not doing anything, when you're
resting, when you are scrolling through
social media, when you're not constantly
doing, you're being unproductive. Now,
my question to you is, who said that?
Who made the rules saying what is
productive and what is not productive?
Who sets the rules and who said where it
stops and where it starts to be
productive and to be unproductive? Think
about your phone for example. Your phone
has a battery that will run low when
you're using it for too long and you
need to charge it in order to be
productive again, right? Would you now
say when the phone is plugged in it's
useless? No, you wouldn't because the
phone itself is still doing its task.
Think about a tree in winter. In winter,
most trees, they lose their leaves. They
go into rest and recharge mode. Would
you now say this tree is useless because
it has lost its leaves? I guess you
wouldn't. We know and the tree knows
that it's going to wake up in spring.
It's going to recharge while it's losing
the leaves, while it's resting over the
winter in order to be ready for the
spring, in order to provide in spring
what everyone needs, leaves, oxygen, and
bloom again. So most importantly, I want
you to remove that thought of being
unproductive is a failure, is something
bad, is something you should avoid.
Because when you are fighting against a
situation, against a feeling, then you
are fueling it more. The more you fight
against something, the more energy you
give it and also the more power you give
it to take over you. Now imagine you
want so bad to be productive again. You
want so bad to put away your phone and
get your things done from your task
list, but all you do is thinking about
how lazy you are and you are judging
yourself for being in that situation.
You are fighting yourself. You want to
fight that situation in order to go
away. And you are actually doing the
exact opposite. So I want you to first
of all accept it. Accept and give
yourself some grace. Give that situation
some grace. Talk to yourself in a kind
manner and tell yourself like listen
this is not a moment of judgment. This
is not a moment that I want to remove.
It's a moment that is here to tell me
something. It's a moment to recharge,
for me to be ready to be productive
again. This is a moment for me to set
back. Now, sometimes we need to be
productive, right? Sometimes the
timelines are just passing and we are
not able to give us this period of grace
and period of time to set back to rest
and to recharge in that sense. But then
still when you are giving yourself that
grace you tell yourself it's okay that
you're feeling this way. It's okay that
you feel
unproductive doesn't mean that you can't
get out of this. I mean when you need to
be productive your exam is tomorrow is
next week or you have to finish some
project for your work or you are running
late for some appointment. Sometimes we
have to finish our tasks in time and
when this unproductivity arises just
before we cannot always give us this
period of grace and in those moments
what you can do is first of all tidy
your space. First of all step back for a
moment not for too long for a few
minutes for a few seconds. Take a deep
brever and then tidy up your space. When
your space is clean, is tidied up, then
you feel already more clear in your
head. Sometimes we have brain fog. We
didn't move for such a long time. And
when we don't move, it keeps our energy
stagnant. And when our energy is
stagnant, it's more likely to feel
stuck. Obviously, because your body
literally is stuck. You have to move to
tidy up your space to get a clear mind
to get clear energy and recharge with
removing those distractions removing
those obstacles that are in your way at
this moment. You want to declutter your
energy which means your space, your
mind, your situation that moment and
bring in fresh air. actually fresh air
with opening a window. Then again I want
to talk about the inner dialogue. You
have to rephrase your inner dialogue
because if you keep punishing yourself,
if you keep judging yourself, if you
keep belittling yourself, you are not
going to feel good about doing
something. You have to think about
having a child or having a pet. And
let's say that child, that pet is not
doing what it should do. If you would
now belittle that child or that pet, if
you would now punish it and judge it for
not doing the thing it should do, how
motivated do you think this child or
this pet will be to actually do the
thing? Not at all. So talk to yourself
as you would talk to your best friend,
to your child, to your pet. I'm always
thinking about my cats. And even though
my cats are not human and they don't
need to do anything in that sense, I'm
thinking about how would I talk to my
kid when she scratches my favorite
outfit or when she is waking me up in
the middle of the night or when my cat
is coming to me and literally meowing
asking me to pet her even though I'm
super busy. I would never punish this
cat. I would never scream at her. I
would never say how lazy she is, how
annoying she is, how inconvenient and
useless she is, because I love her.
Like, I love my pets. So, why would I
ever punish them? And you have to think
the same way about yourself. Why would
you ever punish yourself? like you
yourself, you are the only person, the
only soul that will be with you for the
rest of your life. And if you keep
punishing yourself, you are not going to
do anything good for you. You are not
creating a relationship that will
nurture you and your future. You are
literally harming yourself. You are
almost cutting in your hand over and
over again by doing that. So instead of
asking yourself, why are you so lazy?
Why are you so stuck? Instead of
punishing and pushing yourself, ask
yourself, what's going on? What would
light you up right now? Like I'm asking
myself, what can I do that lights me up
right now? That gives me energy for me
in order to be productive again, to get
my work done when it needs to be done.
So we have declutter, move your body,
rephrase your inner dialogue, and the
last and probably the most important
point, reconnect with your why. We are
only being lazy and being unproductive
and feeling stuck or even
procrastinating when we don't have a
strong why. When you are not having a
strong why, you don't know why you
should do things. And with a strong why,
I don't mean money. I don't mean because
you can buy yourself a bag. A strong why
is something that has an emotional
connection and is something that truly
drives you, that fires you up to do what
needs to be done. And if you don't have
that, of course, you're going to
distract yourself. you're going to
procrastinate because you don't really
know why you are walking that way in the
first place. Imagine you are going on a
hike on a long walk and you don't even
know where you're going to. You will
feel tired and exhausted and want to
turn around, want to distract yourself
because you don't have a strong why.
When you know the end of your goal of
your journey, when you know where you
want to head it, when you know you want
to reach the peak and see the view on
top of the mountain, then you have a
strong why and you keep going without
being so distracted because you want to
reach there. So I want you to ask
yourself again why you're doing that.
And I tell you one personal example from
what happened the past two weeks to me
because I was suddenly super
unproductive, uninspired, unmotivated to
do content. I didn't know what to talk
about. I didn't know what to post on my
Instagram anymore. I was in that rut,
right? And I was asking myself as well
why I'm being so unproductive. And I
couldn't get out of it until I asked
myself, why did I start doing that in
the first place? What was my why? And my
why is to help women. My why is to be
that sister that many of you didn't
have. My why is to be that person that I
wish was there on social media when I
was younger. And this is what truly
fires me up. This is what truly gives me
power and gives me purpose in what I am
doing. If I wouldn't have that why, if I
would just do that for the fame, I would
have stopped by now. That's why so many
YouTuber and so many people don't make
it because they don't have a strong why.
So I was asking myself why was I
starting in the first place? Why am I on
this journey? I started going on this
journey because I want to be in the
position where I am able to take care of
myself 100%. I don't want to be in any
situation in my life anymore where I
have to be dependent on someone else. I
don't want to be in a situation where I
have to change myself. I don't want to
be anymore in any situation where I have
to do things I don't want to do. Where I
have to do a job that doesn't fulfill
me. I don't want to be in a position
anymore where I have to diminish who I
am. I have to make myself smaller than
what I am in order to be liked from
other people. I don't want this anymore.
I have a strong why. My why is also that
I want to be that person. I want to be
that woman for so many other women that
makes them go that exact same journey. I
have a super strong why. A strong why
for myself and a strong why for other
people. I want to be that change in
other people's lives, in other women's
lives that makes them realize, oh, I
don't want to live the life that way. I
want to live my fullest and best version
of myself. I don't want to make myself
smaller. I don't want to do things that
I actually don't want to do. And I want
to be also in a position where I don't
have to do that in order to survive. And
every woman has the ability and the
possibility to do that. And that's why I
am here because I wish there was a
person like me on the internet when I
was younger, when I was 15 years old. I
wish there was one woman that was like
me and would give me that insight, that
advice. And this why is so strong that
it made me charged up again. It made me
remember why I started in the first
place. And when you have that strong
why, nothing and nobody can get into
your way. You also stop to be so
unproductive. You stop
to procrastinate. You stop to be
distracted by things that are not that
important because your why is so strong
and is so fulfilling that nothing is
more important than your why. You are
not here to tick boxes of your to-do
list. You are here to create a life that
feels fulfilling and is magnetic for
you. You are creating the best version
of yourself and you're creating the best
life for yourself for a reason. So sit
down, take a moment and write down who
is this person that you want to be. How
is she? What does she wear? Who is she
talking to? Who is she entertaining?
What is her life looking like? What is
she doing on her daily day? What are her
hobbies? Answering these questions will
put you back into power, will give you
back your strength, and will make you
feel and be productive again without you
having to do more to punish yourself to
change anything by simply reconnecting
with your why and with what you're
trying to create. You might think now,
yeah, it sounds so easy for you to say,
what is your why? But it doesn't sound
easy. And it was not easy never for me
to find my why. To find your why, you
have to dive deep and ask yourself which
situation do you despite in your life?
When there is a situation you hate in
your life and you know you would give
your everything to be out of this
situation, this circumstance, you will
also do and give everything to get out
of it. So you need to really ask
yourself what is it that I want to
change so badly in my life? What is it
that doesn't feel like me? that doesn't
make me feel good in my body and what
can I do and this is your why. You have
to ask yourself what are you feeling
that you don't want to ever feel again.
Connect your why with a feeling that you
never want to feel again and you will
stop to be unproductive because it will
be your natural way of being. You know
when you touch in the fire your skin
will burn and you will feel pain. So you
will stop to touch into the fire. Always
remember productivity is never about
pressure. It's always about alignment.
You don't have to hustle to be worthy.
You just have to remember who you are
and why you are here. Now go reset like
the queen you are. And thank you so much
for watching. I love you so so much. And
I see you in my next video. Bye-bye.